feat(api): add nvim_get_hl (#22693)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• |vim.filetype.get_option()| to get the default option value for a specific
  filetype. This is a wrapper around |nvim_get_option_value()| with caching.
  

> • Added |nvim_get_hl()| for storing, manipulating, and restoring colorschemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Added |nvim_get_hl()| for getting highlight group definitions in a format compatible with |nvim_set_hl()|.
```
